Update custom-schemas.md (#6954)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/custom-schemas.md

## A built-in alternative pattern for generating schema names

> A common customization is to use the custom schema in production when set, with the target schema serving only as a fallback if no custom schema is specified. In other environments, such as development and CI, custom schema configurations are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common customization is to use the custom schema in production when provided, with the target schema serving only as a fallback if no custom schema is specified. In other environments, such as development and CI, custom schema configurations are ignored, defaulting to the target schema instead.
```
